yeah
still lady
hey screw you too mr. Cookie Monster
back again with another video this video
I'm actually gonna show you guys two
things some about to be talking about
two things I um
first is the weapon skins the liquid
liquid liquid green the helical cream
skin sissy right here at sign and so he
goes to see me actually download it the
green liquid metal skin that's what's
cool yeah I just got I got that you get
from jack-in-the-box
but there's a bunch of different ways he
good much I'm busy yeah there's a bunch
of different ways you could get it um
the first week it was Facebook but um
there's a high demand and it ran out
because everybody's trying to get it
only needs to hauling these to do is go
on Facebook on my arm share share the
home it was like share something but you
came to get anymore so this pneumatic
the other ways to go to Jack in the Box
and buy a large drink large combo meal
so that's the that's the other way are
these other than New York so and she hit
somebody and I know somebody girl is in
LA he's a girl she goes to college over
there so that's a beg her to give me a
cold even though she's even like
jack-in-the-box she call Jack into crime
beer
so you got the skin
the skin is tighter I hate the color
green this skin is tight it's called it
I love the Xbox can either way xbox
regular private and what I was going to
talk about that at the LC is DLC that's
come supposed to come out in November
first
I'm putting the Dom I'm gonna put it in
the annotation and the description you
guys click it are they cook the full
article basically let me start this page
first I'm gonna come and do this live
actually for once
yeah miss November 1st the DLC the first
DLC comes out and you get all those it's
for um the first DLC out of 4 for the
season pass and if you don't have the
season pass you gif it on your
Microsoft's you basically get um you get
this into maps you get in it some big as
DLC of the match again there's blood
drive
rustling me trust long buzzer an asura I
heard the turret looks crazy but it
actually seen on YouTube and Netflix
site and you get home fortifications for
Horde
you get a command center on the
listeners decoy upgrade century upgrade
and silverback upgrade and you getting
three new characters onyx card bigger
and big rig dizzy and bernie only good
palm players Bernie Bernie still is
crazy
she got dreadlocks and you get new on
weapons good you get two new weapon
skins Team Plasma and jungle camo
I think the teeth Team Plasma website I
have another show looks yeah you get
that's that's all you get along DLC it's
a big ass DLC though oh and one more
important thing I'm talking
you got awfully good did 200 fit you got
game a score for it thank God I'm
achievement whore myself that's why this
website actually found it is true
achievements calm begin you get 250 game
and score I'll know what the treatments
are but you get 250 game and score they
said including the LC so I'm happy about
it definitely happy about that leave me
my achievements yeah I'm sure you got
the skin huh
it's not till you got was about to DLC
and the DLCs come out in November first
if you hear me oh yeah I thought um
shoutouts to see because I'm for the
intro at the beginning of the video I
won't know how money go you got how that
we guys think of it if you see I think
it's sick but on the way by this thing
but his name is high for high free demo
yeah I'm gonna give him a shout he on me
that made it home made the angel for me
yeah
I shouldn't have picked this map it's
nothing to talk about if you see this
guy still looking hello
he's sick as hell I hated the color
green I think it's just tight that's a
bit happiburger to get me to fucking
first door like that the I mean on the
first collage you got the green skin I
think it all depends on lucky when
different things dr. Jack in the Box
might be my twin the liquid green they
might win something else he'd never not
I think whoever wherever jack in the
fuck on those jack-in-the-boxes mystique
west coast not northeast and actually
when I heave a and it's for $30 house
like hell no like why would I pay for
the shine that shows free anyway
beginner it's like this more than just a
piece of savage cancel whatever but yeah
those the video great comment subscribe
time stuff to like whatever Cookie
Monster